[DX-1910] Add a deprecation notice page (#6177)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/developer-support/deprecation.md

---
title: "Deprecation"
date: 2025-03-10
tags: []
description: "Tyk Deprecation Notice"
aliases:
---

## Packages

> Deb and rpm packages hosted on [packagecloud.io](https://packagecloud.io/tyk/).

Author: ```suggestion
The table below outlines the deprecation of Packages (Debian and RPM packages hosted on [packagecloud.io](https://packagecloud.io/tyk/)):
```
